welcome to movie summary today i'm going
to explain science fiction adventure
film time trap
hopper an archaeology professor is
exploring a remote cave system on the
trail of missing hippies from the 1970s
after discovering what appears to be a
cowboy paused in place in a tunnel he
returns to town and dismisses his
graduate students
taylor and jackie stating that their
research is done
several days later as hopper has not
returned taylor and jackie go looking
for him
with their friend cara who brings her
sister thieves
and her friend furby following hopper's
trail to the campsite by a cave
they find an entrance with climbing
ropes leading inside
they decide to follow it but furby
chooses to stay behind as backup for the
base camp
they lower themselves into the cave
hearing strange noises
when furby does not answer their radio
calls jackie tries to climb back out
but the rope frays and she falls
injuring herself
and taylor calling for help they receive
a transmission from
inside the cave and follow it at a
different junction
they discover another opening to the
cave in furby dead with a broken neck
watching his video recordings they
noticed several days elapsed from his
perspective
while only about an hour had lapsed in
the cave he began researching the
hippies belongings
discovering they were hopper's parents
and that he is searching for his missing
sister
his parents were following legends of
the fountain of youth and speculated
that this cave system was the root of
the story
cara free climbs out of the cave to get
a gps signal
outside the terrain has become barren
and there is no signal
returning to the cave comparing video
recordings
cara has experienced 30 minutes on the
surface while she had been gone only a
few seconds from their viewpoint
confirming taylor's theory reviewing
ferbie's footage again
they learned he survived the fault but
was murdered by a caveman
cara and taylor deduced the time
difference is much more drastic than
they suspected and entire years are
passing within seconds meaning the few
hours they have been in the cave is
enough to span several hundred or
thousand years outside
hearing more howling cara prepares to
climb out again for help but is
interrupted by a futuristic humanoid
spaceman descending via retractable
ladder
a caveman suddenly attacks but is
subdued non-lethally
they flee just to find a whole tribe of
cavemen inspecting the dead bodies of
the cowboy and hopper's parents
discovered taylor fights the caveman and
is killed
the spaceman returns protects the others
from the cavemen
and then places taylor into a healing
pool of water
more cavemen attack and the space man is
fatally wounded
but uses his dying breaths to show them
several media clips
about their disappearance and indicating
humans have become space-faring
taylor finds hopper injured in front of
another time dilation
containing his long-missing sister and a
legion of conquistadors in battle with
the caveman over control of the
waterfall
the source of the time distortion at the
center of the cave system
hopper explains the field is strongest
here making rescue of his sister
impossible
he tells taylor to go and save the
others as he is also dying
preparing to leave the cave with the
spaceman's ladder they are attacked by
caveman before they can get through
cara is pulled through the portal by
future beings before she can help her
friends
from their perspective she reappears
through the portal differently dressed
and with rope-like mechanisms which pull
her friends through
a short time later furby awakens along
with hopper and hopper's family
all having been retrieved and
resurrected with the healing waters
the others arrive happily explaining
they are in a space station and have a
lot to talk about
movie ends in that scene please like
share and subscribe
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel thank you for watching